Improving example template (#2794)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/getting_started/write_documentation.rst

Build the documentation
=======================

> PyMAPDL documentation is mainly written in reStructuredText (RST)
> format, saved as ``.rst`` files in the ``doc/source`` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyMAPDL documentation is mainly written in reStructuredText
format, saved as RST files in the ``doc/source`` directory.
```

   consistent structure. Use headings, subheadings, and a table of contents if
   necessary to help users navigate your documentation easily.

> #. **Use sphinx tool properly**: Sphinx has multiple features and directives. It is
>    recommended you get yourself familiarize with them before starting to write.
>    Useful guidance can be found
>    `here <sphinx_directives_>`_, `here <sphinx_basics_>`_ and `here <docutils_directives_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Use Sphinx properly**: Sphinx has multiple features and directives. Before
   starting to write documentation, you should get familiar with it. For useful
   guidance, see `here <sphinx_directives_>`_, `here <sphinx_basics_>`_ and `here <docutils_directives_>`_.
```
Again--why I like a central links file, I also dislike a central links file. The Google dev style guide says to never use "here" as a link but to use informative text as your display link.

   consistent structure. Use headings, subheadings, and a table of contents if
   necessary to help users navigate your documentation easily.

#. **Use Sphinx properly**: Sphinx has multiple features and directives. Before
   starting to write documentation, you should get familiar with it. For guidance,
   see these Sphinx and DocUtils topics: `Directives <sphinx_directives_>`_,

>    `reStructuredText Primer<sphinx_basics_>`_ and
>    `reStructuredText Directives<docutils_directives_>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
   `reStructuredText Primer <sphinx_basics_>`_ and
   `reStructuredText Directives <docutils_directives_>`_.
```

Create an example
=================

Creating an example is also a good way to get familiar with the tool and
contribute to its improvement.
`PyMAPDL gallery <pymapdl_examples_gallery_>`_ contain dozens of examples
that demonstrate PyMAPDL capabilities and features.

> You can contribute to expand this gallery by creating and sharing your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can expand this gallery by creating and sharing your
```

own example.

> There `example template <pymapdl_examples_template_>`_ shows you how to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `example template <pymapdl_examples_template_>`_ shows you how to
```

----------------

Dynamic examples are based on Python files and must be able to run in under three minutes.
In the PyMAPDL repository, they are in the `examples <pymapdl_examples_>`_ directory.

> One example of a dynamic examples is the `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One dynamic example is the `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_
```

example.

> The source code can be found in this GitHub `link <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_. 

Reviewer: Another case where "link" isn't descriptive text. It's the same as using "here". You should replace with the name of the destination.

> The source code can be found in this GitHub `link <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_. 

Author: ```suggestion
The source code can be found in this GitHub `2d_plate_with_a_hole.py <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_. 
```

> This code is then rendered in the 
> `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_doc_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_ website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code is then rendered on the 
`MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_doc_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_ page.
```

Because dynamic examples must run each time the documentation is built, make sure that they are
short.
If you need longer runtime or big files for your example, feel free to use static or semi-static
examples.

Static examples
---------------

> Static examples are based on reStructuredText files and hence they do not require to
> be executed or run using Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static examples are based on reStructuredText files and do not have to
be executed or run using Python.
```

In the PyMAPDL repository, they are in the `doc\source <pymapdl_doc_source_>`_ directory.

> One example of a static example is
> `Harmonic analysis using the frequency-sweep Krylov method <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_>`_
> example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One estatic example is the
`Harmonic analysis using the frequency-sweep Krylov method <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_>`_
example. 
```

> This example shows how to do an harmonic analysis using Krylov method.
> The source code can be found in the GitHub `link <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_rst_>`_ and it
> is rendered as HTML in 
> `Harmonic analysis using the frequency-sweep Krylov method <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to do an harmonic analysis using the Krylov method.
The source code can be found in the GitHub `link <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_rst_>`_, and it
is rendered as HTML on the `Harmonic analysis using the frequency-sweep Krylov method <pymapdl_doc_krylov_example_>`_ page.
```
Again--change "link" to descriptive display text.

Semi-dynamic examples
---------------------

> Semi-dynamic examples are RST static files that execute Python code using this RST directive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semi-dynamic examples are static RST files that execute Python code using this RST directive:
```

.. code:: rst

    .. jupyter-execute::
       :hide-code:

These examples are also located in `doc\source <pymapdl_doc_source_>`_ directory.

> These type of examples allow to interactive viewing the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These type of examples allow you to view and interact with the model.
```

> One example of semi-dynamic example is 
> `Friction stir welding (FSW) simulation <pymapdl_techdemo_28_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One semi-dynamic example is the
`Friction stir welding (FSW) simulation <pymapdl_techdemo_28_>`_ example.
```

In this example, you can interactively explore some of the plots.

> The source code can be found in this GitHub `link <pymapdl_techdemo_28_rst_>`_, which
> is then rendered as `Friction Stir Welding (FSW) Simulation <pymapdl_techdemo_28_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code can be found in this GitHub `link <pymapdl_techdemo_28_rst_>`_, which
is then rendered on the `Friction Stir Welding (FSW) Simulation <pymapdl_techdemo_28_>`_ page.
```
Replace "link" with descriptive text.

----------------

Dynamic examples are based on Python files and must be able to run in under three minutes.
In the PyMAPDL repository, they are in the `examples <pymapdl_examples_>`_ directory.

> One dynamic example is the `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_.
> example.
> The source code can be found in this GitHub `2d_plate_with_a_hole.py <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_. 
> This code is then rendered on the 
> `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_doc_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_ page.

Author: ```suggestion

.. vale off

One dynamic example is the `MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_.
example.
The source code can be found in this GitHub `2d_plate_with_a_hole.py <pymapdl_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_. 
This code is then rendered on the 
`MAPDL 2D Plane Stress Concentration Analysis <pymapdl_doc_2d_plate_with_a_hole_>`_ page.
.. vale on
```
